You bastard. I asked you questions.
How come you don't answer?
And what's that look, you jerk?
Where are you going?
You bastard. Come here.
Are you scared? Come here. It's all right.
God damn it!
Damn it. What are the police doing here?
Are they after me?
What's going on?
I can't get caught.
God, I really need to exercise.
Why are they so fast?
That hurt. Damn it.
Okay. I must get in here.
We're approaching
the dorm from Mount Ogong.
Darn it!
God, my hips.
We found a hut
in the middle of the mountain.
We're heading there for backup.
They must be near here.
So call for backup and stand by here.
Everyone stand by.
Who are those guys? Who are they after?
Are they really here for my organs?
Those bastards. There's some time left.
Those cold-hearted bastards.
Wait. Why did so many come to get me?
Maybe they're after this pervert.
Hey, what's your deal?
Wait a minute.
How dare you follow me in here?
Did you just hit me?
Now even a pervert looks down on me?
Come here.
I'll teach you a lesson.
My God.
Gwang-tae, are you okay?
Seol-hui.
I didn't tell them anything.
To protect you, Seol-hui,
I endured all sorts of torturing
and…
I, Oh Gwang-tae, am not a traitor.
Don't cry.
Hey, wait! What are you doing?
Stop right there! Hey!
Dad.
Don't try to sit down. Stand up.
What's going on?
What if Hye-ryeong sees us?
-What's going on?
-Hye-ryeong?
Hey, pal.